Add Accuracy, Drain Time, Play Time, Spectate stubs (#3153)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Drain_time/en.md

> # Drain time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
tags:
  - drain length
---

# Drain time
```

> The drain time, or *drain*, refers to the total duration of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) that requires the player to be active. Drain time does not consider breaks and unmapped parts throughout a beatmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drain time, or *drain*, refers to the total duration of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) that requires the player to be active. Drain time does not include breaks and unmapped portions of a beatmap.
```

> Maps with very long drain times are typically referred to as marathon maps and require endurance beyond the norm in order to complete successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beatmaps with long drain times (usually longer than 5 minutes) are typically referred to as marathon maps and require endurance beyond the norm in order to complete successfully.
```
